////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//                           **** DSDPACK ****                            //
//         Lossless DSD (Direct Stream Digital) Audio Compressor          //
//                Copyright (c) 2013 - 2020 David Bryant.                 //
//                          All Rights Reserved.                          //
//      Distributed under the BSD Software License (see license.txt)      //
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

!!! THE FUNCTIONALITY OF DSD AUDIO COMPRESSION IMPLEMENTED HERE HAS BEEN !!!
!!! MERGED INTO STANDARD WAVPACK AND THIS CODE SHOULD ONLY BE CONSIDERED !!!
!!! FOR HISTORICAL PURPOSES. IT'S NOT BEING MAINTAINED, HOWEVER WITH THE !!!
!!! LATEST FIX IT HAS NO KNOWN BUGS. IT DOES CERTAINLY CONTAIN UNDEFINED !!!
!!! BEHAVIOR ISSUES THOUGH THAT HAVE BEEN ADDRESSED IN THE WAVPACK CODE. !!!

Experimental lossless DSD compressor. This program is for experimentation
only and should not be used for archiving DSD material. It does divide the
audio into independent blocks, however the blocks are not seekable and it is
possible that a single bit error could render an entire file useless.

Builds on Linux, and probably Windows and OS X with very minimal (if any)
changes. Includes command-line program and a module for each of the two
modes (fast and high).

Note that this is a "raw" compressor in that it does not process any headers
or non-dsd data. However, since it is lossless, any headers present in the
files will be preserved, and in fact the programs could be used with ANY
type of arbitrary file (although usually with dismal results).

Since it is "raw", the data must be formatted in a specific way, and that
way happens to be the way that Philips DSDIFF files are formatted. In other
words, the data is straight bytes for mono, interleaved bytes for stereo,
and the MSB of each byte is considered first temporily. Files in Sony's DSF
format will have to be unblocked and the bytes will need to be reversed.
Multichannel files are not handled.

Since there is no header processing, mono files cannot be automatically
detected, so there is a command-line switch to specify that (stereo is the
default). For version 0.5 independent block generation was added, with a
default block size of 88200 bytes (1/8 second at standard DSD rate), but
this can be overridden with a command-line option. Note that the "high"
mode works much better with very short blocks than the default.

For version 0.6, the "high" mode was refactored so that the left and
right channels in stereo are processed bit-by-bit in parallel, rather than
byte-by-byte. This should make it possible to use SIMD instructions.

For version 0.6.1 the rounding of the "high" mode filter values was removed
because it was not providing any benefit and could overflow in pathological
cases resulting in corrupt files.

 Version: 0.6.1

 Usage:   DSDPACK [-options] infile outfile

 Options: -d     = decode
          -1     = mono mode (encode only)
          -2     = stereo mode (encode only, default)
          -f     = fast mode (encode only, default)
          -h     = high mode (encode only)
          -b<n>  = block size (encode only, default = 88200)

 Warning: EXPERIMENTAL - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!
